[toc]

# 按应用分
## webcam
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Webcam

1. A webcam is a video camera that feeds or streams an image or video in real time to or through a computer network, such as the Internet.
2. Webcams are typically small cameras that sit on a desk, attach to a user's monitor, or are built into the hardware. 
3. For example, Apple's iSight camera, which is built into Apple laptops, iMacs and a l of iPhones, can be used for video chat sessions, using the Messages instant messaging program. 
4. Webcam software enables users to record a video or stream the video on the Internet.
5. As video streaming over the Internet requires much bandwidth, such streams usually use compressed formats.
5.1 The maximum resolution of a webcam is also lower than most handheld video cameras, as higher resolutions would be reduced during transmission. The lower resolution enables webcams to be relatively inexpensive compared to most video cameras, but the effect is adequate for video chat sessions.

6. The term "webcam" (a clipped compound) may also be used in its original sense of a video camera connected to the Web continuously for an indefinite time, rather than for a particular session, generally supplying a view for anyone who visits its web page over the Internet. Some of them, for example, those used as online traffic cameras, are expensive, rugged professional video cameras.

## ip camera（netcam）
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IP_camera
1. An Internet Protocol camera, or IP camera, is a type of digital video camera that receives control data and sends image data via an IP network. 
2. They are commonly used for surveillance but unlike analog closed-circuit television (CCTV) cameras, they require no local recording device, only a local area network. 
3. Most IP cameras are webcams, but the term IP camera or netcam usually applies only to those that can be directly accessed over a network connection, usually used for surveillance.
4. netcam && NVR
4.1	Some IP cameras require support of a central network video recorder (NVR) to handle the recording, video and alarm management. 
4.2	Others are able to operate in a decentralized manner with no NVR needed, as the camera is able to record directly to any local or remote storage media.

## 
1. 手机电脑内置的camera is webcam
2. netcam一般是外置的camera
3. 
# 一台camera的构成

# 